this is my Jumanji board game and I had
a little help on it so let's open the
inside I I I cut it this hole cut it
this and this all together which made
the instructions right here and then I
kind of messed up on the button in the
center and off all play it for a little
bit so I got in 9 2 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
then you will like read something like
in the jungle you must wait until the
dice read five or eight there are many
jungle make somebody else rolls and they
get a six and the double got a 10 so
that's a double again more than two
three four
that's a six
they got a four one two three or four
it's the other person's true oops for
them one two three four and then they
won't eat so I'm not going to the three
four five six seven eight
then I would eleven one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten eleven and
then I'll read some instructions to it
Jumanji a game for those who seek to
find a way to leave the world on to all
the guys can we talk
wait yeah you roll the dice to move your
token Schnabel's get another chance
the first player to reach you have the
wind adventures beware do not beginning
the students and offenders yeah
the excited consequences of the games
will vanish only when a player streets
from RJ scoffs me and I act like they
made by Dominic right there and I'll try
to get one two three four
three four five six seven eight
marina and on the before then I got a
four of one two three four and did you
pop that shout out to Margie cuz it says
right here
Jumanji